# Covid-19-Medical-Emergency-Centre
REPORT


Preparation of accurate and prompt reports: -
 This becomes a difficult task as information is difficult to collect from various register.
Objective:-
1) Define hospital 
2) Recording information about the Patients that come. 
3) Generating bills.  
4) Recording information related to diagnosis given to Patients. 
5) Keeping record of the Immunization provided to children/patients. 
6) Keeping information about various diseases and medicines available to cure them. These are the various jobs that need to be done in a Hospital by the operational staff and Doctors. All these works are done on papers.
Scope of the Project:-
1) Information about Patients is done by just writing the Patients name, age and gender. Whenever the Patient comes up his information is stored freshly. 
2) Bills are generated by recording price for each facility provided to Patient on a separate sheet and at last they all are summed up.
3) Diagnosis information to patients is generally recorded on the document, which contains Patient information. It is destroyed after some time period to decrease the paper load in the office.
4) Immunization records of children are maintained in pre-formatted sheets, which are kept in the file
5) Information about various diseases is not kept as any document. Doctors themselves do this job by  
remembering various medicines. All this work is done manually by the receptionist and other operational staff and lot of papers are needed to be handled and taken care of. Doctors have to remember various medicines available for diagnosis and sometimes miss better alternatives as they can’t remember them.

